Oh
the countdown has begun to the movie
event of the summer and it can only be
described with one word
y'all thinking you catch me
fine daddy
you better be reading my nametag Fran I
noticed your initials for a double D how
about some special sir
your hands up I never get tired of
hearing him say that
I'm mr. Ichi Gnawa and this is my
colleague no gold hakudoshi
konnichiwa right on are you Japanese we
converted what is this place you guys
got a score here
no but do you have an application this
is my roommate from Australia let's put
another shrimp on the barbie that's what
they say there okay
oh boy I'm gonna get by with us hug
therefore thank you English
which is some type of pimp I have $100
from whoever knocks him out don't you
know you're not supposed to wear white
after Labor Day think you got someone to
find these muffins around Jesse I might
just have to warm some up for you could
you just wait till I leave
but Dukes of Hazzard
let's see B problem sure I think
something bounce stuff into my
undercarriage